create/singleton/SingletonB.java
 create.singleton.SingletonB
create/builder/Client.java
 create.builder.Client
behavior/state/ClickedState.java
 behavior.state.ClickedState
behavior/strategy/MathStrategy.java
 behavior.strategy.MathStrategy
create/builder/Director.java
 create.builder.Director
construction/bridge/Client.java
 construction.bridge.Client
create/factorymethod/GalaxyFactory.java
 create.factorymethod.GalaxyFactory
behavior/observer/Client.java
 behavior.observer.Client
behavior/visitor/StudentElement.java
 behavior.visitor.StudentElement
construction/bridge/Color.java
 construction.bridge.Color
behavior/state/State.java
 behavior.state.State
create/singleton/SingletonC.java
 create.singleton.SingletonC
 create.singleton.SingletonC$SingletonHolder
create/builder/ConcreteExplosiveBuilder.java
 create.builder.ConcreteExplosiveBuilder
create/builder/Explosive.java
 create.builder.Explosive
behavior/observer/ObserverA.java
 behavior.observer.ObserverA
construction/adapter/NewAdapter.java
 construction.adapter.NewAdapter
create/abstractfactory/JapaneseBattleship.java
 create.abstractfactory.JapaneseBattleship
behavior/strategy/Client.java
 behavior.strategy.Client
construction/bridge/Red.java
 construction.bridge.Red
construction/proxy/Proxy.java
 construction.proxy.Proxy
behavior/mediator/XiaoMing.java
 behavior.mediator.XiaoMing
behavior/chainofresposibility/Handler.java
 behavior.chainofresposibility.Handler
behavior/mediator/Mediator.java
 behavior.mediator.Mediator
behavior/observer/Subject.java
 behavior.observer.Subject
construction/proxy/Client.java
 construction.proxy.Client
create/factorymethod/PlanetFactory.java
 create.factorymethod.PlanetFactory
behavior/mediator/Person.java
 behavior.mediator.Person
behavior/iterator/Iterator.java
 behavior.iterator.Iterator
construction/facade/Facade.java
 construction.facade.Facade
behavior/observer/ConcreteSubject.java
 behavior.observer.ConcreteSubject
construction/decoration/SwordAttack.java
 construction.decoration.SwordAttack
behavior/visitor/Client.java
 behavior.visitor.Client
create/factorymethod/Star.java
 create.factorymethod.Star
behavior/visitor/DoctorVisitor.java
 behavior.visitor.DoctorVisitor
construction/decoration/MyAttack.java
 construction.decoration.MyAttack
behavior/templatemethod/Client.java
 behavior.templatemethod.Client
create/abstractfactory/JapaneseAircraftCarrier.java
 create.abstractfactory.JapaneseAircraftCarrier
create/abstractfactory/JapaneseDockyard.java
 create.abstractfactory.JapaneseDockyard
construction/adapter/NewTarget.java
 construction.adapter.NewTarget
construction/decoration/Client.java
 construction.decoration.Client
construction/composite/Client.java
 construction.composite.Client
behavior/strategy/Context.java
 behavior.strategy.Context
construction/facade/Client.java
 construction.facade.Client
create/abstractfactory/Battleship.java
 create.abstractfactory.Battleship
construction/flyweight/GoFactory.java
 construction.flyweight.GoFactory
behavior/chainofresposibility/Client.java
 behavior.chainofresposibility.Client
behavior/chainofresposibility/MiddleHandler.java
 behavior.chainofresposibility.MiddleHandler
create/factorymethod/Planet.java
 create.factorymethod.Planet
construction/bridge/Triangle.java
 construction.bridge.Triangle
behavior/visitor/TeacherElement.java
 behavior.visitor.TeacherElement
behavior/chainofresposibility/SmallIntHandler.java
 behavior.chainofresposibility.SmallIntHandler
construction/facade/SubSystem1.java
 construction.facade.SubSystem1
create/abstractfactory/AmericanAircraftCarrier.java
 create.abstractfactory.AmericanAircraftCarrier
behavior/momento/Caretaker.java
 behavior.momento.Caretaker
behavior/state/UnClickState.java
 behavior.state.UnClickState
behavior/state/Context.java
 behavior.state.Context
construction/proxy/Operation.java
 construction.proxy.Operation
create/abstractfactory/AircraftCarrier.java
 create.abstractfactory.AircraftCarrier
behavior/command/SpyReceiver.java
 behavior.command.SpyReceiver
behavior/visitor/School.java
 behavior.visitor.School
behavior/strategy/AddMathStrategy.java
 behavior.strategy.AddMathStrategy
behavior/templatemethod/ConcreteClass.java
 behavior.templatemethod.ConcreteClass
create/factorymethod/FixedStar.java
 create.factorymethod.FixedStar
behavior/iterator/Client.java
 behavior.iterator.Client
behavior/momento/Originator.java
 behavior.momento.Originator
behavior/mediator/Client.java
 behavior.mediator.Client
behavior/visitor/Element.java
 behavior.visitor.Element
behavior/command/SpyCommand.java
 behavior.command.SpyCommand
create/builder/Explosive2.java
 create.builder.Explosive2
 create.builder.Explosive2$Builder
construction/composite/Component.java
 construction.composite.Component
construction/facade/SubSystem2.java
 construction.facade.SubSystem2
behavior/command/HitReceiver.java
 behavior.command.HitReceiver
behavior/visitor/Visitor.java
 behavior.visitor.Visitor
behavior/observer/Observer.java
 behavior.observer.Observer
construction/adapter/Client.java
 construction.adapter.Client
construction/proxy/ConcreteOperation.java
 construction.proxy.ConcreteOperation
construction/adapter/OldOperation.java
 construction.adapter.OldOperation
create/singleton/Client.java
 create.singleton.Client
behavior/strategy/MinusMathStrategy.java
 behavior.strategy.MinusMathStrategy
behavior/visitor/PrincipalVisitor.java
 behavior.visitor.PrincipalVisitor
behavior/command/Invoker.java
 behavior.command.Invoker
behavior/iterator/Aggregate.java
 behavior.iterator.Aggregate
create/builder/ExplosiveBuilder.java
 create.builder.ExplosiveBuilder
behavior/momento/Client.java
 behavior.momento.Client
create/abstractfactory/AmericanDockyard.java
 create.abstractfactory.AmericanDockyard
create/prototype/PrototypeImpl.java
 create.prototype.PrototypeImpl
behavior/iterator/IntArrayIterator.java
 behavior.iterator.IntArrayIterator
create/factorymethod/Client.java
 create.factorymethod.Client
create/abstractfactory/Client.java
 create.abstractfactory.Client
behavior/iterator/IntAggregate.java
 behavior.iterator.IntAggregate
behavior/command/Command.java
 behavior.command.Command
construction/flyweight/ConcreteGo.java
 construction.flyweight.ConcreteGo
create/prototype/IPrototype.java
 create.prototype.IPrototype
behavior/momento/Memento.java
 behavior.momento.Memento
create/abstractfactory/AmericanBattleship.java
 create.abstractfactory.AmericanBattleship
behavior/state/Client.java
 behavior.state.Client
behavior/command/Client.java
 behavior.command.Client
create/factorymethod/FixedStarFactory.java
 create.factorymethod.FixedStarFactory
behavior/mediator/Jack.java
 behavior.mediator.Jack
construction/bridge/Shape.java
 construction.bridge.Shape
behavior/command/HitCommand.java
 behavior.command.HitCommand
construction/decoration/Attack.java
 construction.decoration.Attack
construction/decoration/AttackDecoration.java
 construction.decoration.AttackDecoration
behavior/mediator/ConcreteMediator.java
 behavior.mediator.ConcreteMediator
construction/composite/Composite.java
 construction.composite.Composite
construction/flyweight/Client.java
 construction.flyweight.Client
construction/composite/Leaf.java
 construction.composite.Leaf
construction/flyweight/Go.java
 construction.flyweight.Go
behavior/templatemethod/BaseClass.java
 behavior.templatemethod.BaseClass
construction/decoration/GunAttack.java
 construction.decoration.GunAttack
create/prototype/Client.java
 create.prototype.Client
create/abstractfactory/Dockyard.java
 create.abstractfactory.Dockyard
create/singleton/SingletonA.java
 create.singleton.SingletonA
behavior/observer/ObserverB.java
 behavior.observer.ObserverB
behavior/interpreter/AddExpression.java
 behavior.interpreter.AddExpression
behavior/interpreter/TerminalExpression.java
 behavior.interpreter.TerminalExpression
behavior/interpreter/Client.java
 behavior.interpreter.Client
behavior/interpreter/Context.java
 behavior.interpreter.Context
behavior/interpreter/Expression.java
 behavior.interpreter.Expression
behavior/interpreter/SubtractExpression.java
 behavior.interpreter.SubtractExpression
behavior/interpreter/LeftRightExpression.java
 behavior.interpreter.LeftRightExpression
